[Oracle] Mark `password` field as secret (#9707)
elastic/integrations: packages/oracle/_dev/build/docs/README.md

character (`\`), it must be escaped with another backslash. For example, if the
password is `my\_password`, it must be written as `my\\_password`.

> > Note: If the requirement is to mask the password shown in the DSN, use the `username` and `password` fields under advanced options to configure them. To do this, simply take the username/password pair out from the DSN, and just use the Host address along with additional params(if any), as you normally would.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: To mask the password shown in the DSN, use the `username` and `password` fields under advanced options to configure them. Remove the username and password from the DSN string, and configure the DSN to include only the host address and any additional parameters required for the connection. Specify the username in the username field and the password in the password field under the advanced options.
```

I have a suggestion for you, but you can also consider other options. I wanted to make the tone more direct and concise. In your previous text, you started with the solution by saying "If the requirement..." and the solution ended with a part of the solution. However, in the next sentence, you started with "To do this", which made it feel like the solution had already ended in the previous sentence. You may want to consider rephrasing your previous text to provide a clearer solution.

Author: Done!
